in December 2010, the maximum radio will turn
19 years during this time 10 times changed
software director ao several times
changed in the morning show
New DJs came and went but
throughout this time on air
the radio station was a constant
man whose voice waves
maximum esters give the skin
18 years, any listener I will tell you the maximum
what is it about alexander no need
which became a kind of symbol
radio stations years
m
baby i like to entertain people
dying to shift programs
professor program
so actually with probably
all and programs that exist
they exist to level 1
Kalinin essential oils as early as 2003
as for his three programs tested
Tymoshenko electronics hold
a parade of two soloists of them is really like
businessmen hard to imagine
radio maximum example not so long ago when of
broadcast hit parade of the two capitals
in n the radio stations rebelled and
wrote an open letter to the singer Maxim
explain what happened there in the number
his personality heard
Aliyev
but by and large
are themselves to blame for that special
guided by this nbu
station management and
Naturally new broom
500 Kyiv has changed
in the music of the air
music has changed
and then
though she reflected in the hit parade can not
had to make the next steam
changed music last week bottom
40 percent on air hit parade remained
one also needed some kind of words to
real sector and also activity
Russia
and that effect which
exists at the moment has become more
one of the sectors
probably it is correct
attention earlier floating on
people say so along the way
Ottoman experimentation
apparently it does not enjoy big
as popular as we are
would like to
eventually hit parade confirmed
zone sad fate befell
this week have closed
correct electronics
I've been crying for a long time
bags under the eyes
even louder
nothing wrong
and not happening
actually periodically needed
some sort
in sb pe and
need some sort of evaluation black stones and need
the kind of person who knocked me ahead
met in the air
in any case, even the most
favorite work with time
turns into a routine
you need to change the manual periodically
change course
but he can change
place of work
some programs
all that happens more and more
despite the fact that half of their lives
legs sent to the radio maximum he still
has not changed jobs yet
attempts were questions about the role of the actors two
films as the panorama writes went to
the moon
as well as a TV presenter
programs 1 vs 7 per year but unfortunately
last year also closed the program
there was very good news and moldova
no wonder she became a third nominee in
Last year
just the program was very expensive
because 20 that's how that's how things are
from 26 to 29 was involved
rubles at a time shot me alone
be in love
but ohhh about career
rape because i'm an introvert for
I generally do not shoot from the television
so generally step over
myself
but I really liked it
by the way despite your age experience
work and professional
services such as radio beings and
made his way through tokyo suspended
a parade of roses and many others condemned to
now more want to entertain
people club paraphernalia nothing magna
no sticks for
natural 17 years of work
I had but the question is what
of course
the process I originally
I do not consider myself a decoupling functionary
then one is necessary to introduce
certain type of people
without a team came along with the cabinet I
I think so far no he has though of course it
us magical development of my career
from the beginning next
by the age of forty
ii leading positions in such offices
the composition of the miner diagnosis deserved
also winning erofeev
disturbing don't know i honestly don't
Russian crown and I do not want
Rev. Famous DJ
it's important to just be happy for it.
he will need to play music
sell quality and
interesting programs
but not to be the father of two children with whom he
as much as possible tries to spend
being eldest son after coming isar not
discusses only new cars
here
younger son discusses with me
I think what is DJing in general
I put it the day before yesterday Zapolskaya
just showed all sorts of things will open every
Krutilki turned one portion him very
liked it
well, eleven players it is very me
boys are great their families
and I think that his life was pulled out good
of life
he is not interested in the land as yet
such
separately here's how like some product
they are powerful to be san love
cartoon xk xkr buying
but
a minister will be created
if you will be in the second knees not
it will be just nice